{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 May 15th, 2025 - Cooked in Code: A Day in the Life of a Dreamer\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 Today wasn\'92t just another day \'97 it felt like a full-blown rollercoaster of effort, frustration, and silent resilience. I didn\'92t even realise how deep I had gone into this coding thing until the evening hit me like a truck. But let\'92s rewind.\
The day began quietly, almost meditatively. No YouTube shorts. No distractions. I just sat through my Chemistry and Maths lectures like a monk tuning into the knowledge flow. Somewhere in the background, the Hanuman Chalisa played \'97 not out of some ritual, but because it somehow fit the vibe. I wasn\'92t planning on doing anything spiritual, but it gave a strange sense of grounded energy. I had no idea how badly I\'92d need it later.\
By evening, I transformed into the builder mode. My mission: integrate Firebase into my Flutter project \'97 OneTap Resume. At first, I felt unstoppable. Like this was it, this was the day I\'92d see my app come to life. But then reality hit.\uc0\u8232 The firebase_options.dart file? Gone. Vanished. Not in lib, not anywhere. I ran the configuration again and again, checked every guide, even questioned my sanity at some point. And just when I thought I\'92d solved it, Xcode decided to throw a tantrum.\
Suddenly, everything went downhill. Errors started popping up. CocoaPods started acting weird. Flutter refused to build the iOS project. It became a loop \'97 fix one issue, get smacked by another. For hours, I was stuck in a Firebase integration spiral. I wasn\'92t coding anymore \'97 I was debugging ghosts.\
Then came the final blow. I opened system settings to see how storage was doing, and boom \'97 
\f0\b Xcode caches: 6.15GB.
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 But wait, that was just the tip.\u8232 
\f0\b System Data? 60GB+.
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b macOS? 38GB.
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 It felt like my Mac had become this bloated, overworked beast holding onto junk like it was saving for doomsday. And here I was, in the middle of it, trying to get a single app to run while my system wheezed.\
I didn\'92t want to give up, but I was 
\f2\i done
\f1\i0 . Not in a defeated way \'97 more like, \'93today\'92s battle is over, let\'92s not break the spirit for tomorrow.\'94 I sat there with all the files still open, brain fully fried, trying to make sense of what even happened. I wasn\'92t angry. Just numb. Just cooked.\
But even in that moment, I didn\'92t lose sight of why I started this. I realised I had done 
\f0\b so much more than it looked on the outside
\f1\b0 . I fought bugs. I handled errors. I faced system issues. And most of all, I didn\'92t quit when the storm hit hardest.\
So now, I\'92ve decided \'97 I\'92ll 
\f0\b journal
\f1\b0  everything. This grind, the confusion, the breakthroughs, the days I crash \'97 all of it. Maybe I\'92ll start sharing reels too. Not the glamorous productivity ones, but the real ones \'97 where Firebase breaks your project and you sit in silence questioning life. That\'92s the kind of raw people need to see. I\'92ll shoot today\'92s cooked face, those open error messages, and end it with something simple like:\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b \'93Good night. I\'92ll win tomorrow.\'94
\f1\b0 \
Because I will.\
}